docs/p2p-web-browsers.md, before:

# P2P Web Browsers
_Open source web browsers supporting next generation web technologies_

> As Cartographer is currently a technology demo and user experience playground, it is not suitable for everyday use.  

If you're looking for more mature, feature rich web browsers that support distributed and decentralised web technologies, please consider the following:


### Hypercore

##### Desktop 
* [Agregore](https://github.com/RangerMauve/agregore-browser) - A minimal web browser for the distributed web
* [Beaker Browser](https://beakerbrowser.com/) - A peer-to-peer browser for Web hackers
##### Mobile 
* [Gateway Browser](https://twitter.com/GatewayBrowser) - An experimental mobile browser that aims to help build a sustainable community-owned P2P web


### Ethereum

##### Desktop 
* [Status](https://status.im/get/) - Test out Status' Desktop Beta for private and secure communication where you work
- [MetaMask browser extension](https://metamask.io/) - A crypto wallet and gateway to blockchain apps
##### Mobile
- [Status](https://status.im/get/) - Status is a secure messaging app, crypto wallet, and Web3 browser built with state of the art technology

Commit message:

fix(docs): added metamask mobile

docs/p2p-web-browsers.md, after:

# P2P Web Browsers
_Open source web browsers supporting next generation web technologies_

> As Cartographer is currently a technology demo and user experience playground, it is not suitable for everyday use.  

If you're looking for more mature, feature rich web browsers that support distributed and decentralised web technologies, please consider the following:


### Hypercore

##### Desktop 
* [Agregore](https://github.com/RangerMauve/agregore-browser) - A minimal web browser for the distributed web
* [Beaker Browser](https://beakerbrowser.com/) - A peer-to-peer browser for Web hackers
##### Mobile 
* [Gateway Browser](https://twitter.com/GatewayBrowser) - An experimental mobile browser that aims to help build a sustainable community-owned P2P web


### Ethereum

##### Desktop 
* [Status](https://status.im/get/) - Test out Status' Desktop Beta for private and secure communication where you work
- [MetaMask browser extension](https://metamask.io/) - A crypto wallet and gateway to blockchain apps
##### Mobile
- [MetaMask mobile](https://metamask.io/) - A crypto wallet and gateway to blockchain apps
- [Status](https://status.im/get/) - Status is a secure messaging app, crypto wallet, and Web3 browser built with state of the art technology
